matt has never modeled before and we've
been told that he's apparently slightly
too short to ever model and when we're
told we can't do something we just can't
resist
all right so our most recent goal is to
get Matt to walk in the Toronto Men's
Fashion Week one of the biggest men's
fashion week in the world and hopefully
our next destination but it turns out
it's not that simple
first you need a well-connected agent so
our friend Alex introduced us to his
agent sands who after a couple of
meetings accepted to contact some
designers on our behalf
most of the designers politely declined
but eventually we got a call back from
Yvonne
founder of Vanessa or novella who
accepted to meet with us he invited us
to his house to take Matt's dimensions
seem slightly hesitant but under the
condition that matt lost some weight we
were on a while you still have a pass oh
you can go backstage and everything
Jesus
okay awesome this is amazing I don't
want to be embarrassing on this it would
be just right
Matt was now signed up to walk in the
spring and summer Toronto Men's Fashion
Week one of the biggest men's fashion
shows in the world
oh just found out that I'm gonna be a
frickin model in the show but I've no
idea how to catwalk I'm terrible at
fashion you're really bad I can tell you
guys know something
no because we got a new member but first
we had to get ready get ready to get in
shape a man had to lose some weight to
fit into his suit and learn how to
catwalk for our own entertainment we
tricked Matty to thinking he had to walk
the show wearing a thong oh so what do
you use that for
this is non-returnable chris is not hook
to look to have but it was now time to
actually get serious and getting the
model walk right is not as simple as it
seems so he had to take a cat walking
lesson with actual models from Sam's
modeling agency called models Elsie pink
Knight went home to see his family for a
week so a Mar and I got a head start on
the right share to Toronto and we're on
our way to the spring and summer edition
the Toronto men's fashion did you've
packed enough shoes there buddy half the
suitcases shoes dude I can't decide you
did what the hell is this
garage in Toronto and moved on to our
friend
Joel's couch we would also we have to
find a way to sleep on this entire week
yeah man we attended an Audi sponsor
party on the first night and on the
following day our in-house model Matt
arrived
Herman oh my god there we go perfect
location we have arrived
and needless to say it was a bit
overwhelming they have
oh so confused also I have to do a
million push-ups because these guys are
just are you here does my model 200
every morning easy to find trust me you
know me to see it that leads us to
today's I show you everything okay thank
you let me [ __ ] when you see yeah this
is 200 every money that you get it man
like she's ooh I do like a like a Shrek
amongst this
the whole everything finally started to
feel real but we had three days till the
big ready I'm ready to go watched our
first runway show
and things are getting serious
you can do it
some of Canada's biggest fashion
designers were present and models from
all over the world have been getting in
shape and training for weeks while Matt
still had some weight to lose we did
find some time to breathe but we were
now two days away from the big day and
we still don't know if Matt will fit in
his suit